Introduce Transaction Monitoring Service (#100)
ethereum-optimism/monitorism: README.md

| `op-monitorism/secrets` | [README](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/monitorism/blob/main/op-monitorism/secrets/README.md) |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

### Transaction Monitor

> The transaction monitor takes in a yaml config in order to run, and monitors transaction sent by a specific address, tracking both cumulative eth sent, as well as tunable thresholds for specific alerts. It is also configurable to support working against factory contracts, rught now just the `FaultDisputeGame` factory to ensure the addresses are only intereacting with valid fault dispute games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transaction monitor takes in a yaml config in order to run, and monitors transaction sent by a specific address, tracking both cumulative eth sent, as well as tunable thresholds for specific alerts. It is also configurable to support working against factory contracts, right now just the `FaultDisputeGame` factory to ensure the addresses are only interacting with valid fault dispute games.
```
